Our goal in this lesson is to get you comfortable in
the creation and interpretation of Cloud network and diagrams.
Just in case this is your first time building a network from scratch,
let me give you a few quick concepts for your reference.
For example, we're looking at a virtual private Cloud, or VPC.
A VPC is simply a network segment or container that is isolated from the other networks.
So any computers or devices that you deploy within a VPC can easily talk to each other,
but they can not reach other networks such as the Internet,
unless you create a specific routing to allow this.
Thanks to VPCs, you can have
several completely independent networks within your AWS account,
such as production and development,
where you may want to have completely separate and isolated network traffic, for example.
VPCs can be split further into smaller network segments that we know as subnets.
Then you can apply routing rules to those subnets, for example,
to allow Internet traffic to one subnet but not another.
Another benefit of subnets that you get from the Cloud is that you can have
one subnet in a separate data center, then another subnet.
This is known as high availability because if you lose
electricity or network connectivity to one of your subnets,
you can still see the other subnets within your VPC,
and if you design your application correctly,
it will be able to continue normal operation.
This is our target network deployment.
We're just going to have two public subnets and two private subnets within a VPC.
The public ones will have two-way Internet access that's why we call them public.
The private ones will have one way traffic only.
Ultimately, we're trying to build a diagram that
contains all the elements of a web application deployment,
including a load balancer,
web servers with our application running,
networking elements such as the Internet Gateway and NAT Gateways, and finally,
the network itself, which is made up of the VPC,
public and private subnets and routing rules.
So without further ado,
let's build this infrastructure diagram step-by-step.